_thought/my-dream-house.md, before:

---
layout: thought
title: "My Dream House"
subtitle: "Houselusions of grandeur"
topics: ["personal"]
name: "my-dream-house"
published_date: "2017-08-29"
category: post
---

My perfect house will probably cost me at least 10 years of my compensation.
You may think it is overly materialistic to dream of a house like this. I
disagree. A home is something _personal_, a space that can shape your habits,
emotions, and thoughts. I see it as an opportunity to improve my quality of
life.

## My wishlist

- Eastern light (I wake best by natural light)
- Western light (sunsets are romantic)
- In Seattle, preferably Capitol Hill, Phinney Ridge, or Ballard neighborhoods
- Ceiling-to-floor windows, and plenty of them
- Grand views of mountains and/or water, preferably both (e.g. Puget Sound +
Olympics)
- High ceilings
- Open floor plan, without needless walls or partitioning elements
- A modest and maintainable yard
- A spacious, open kitchen that allows for group cooking
- Relatively medium-to-small house &mdash; 3br, less than 2500ft²
- Some stone exterior
- Sit high above the road, ideally
- Preferably single story (rambler)
- Nearby or adjacent to green space
- Minimalism beats complicated and noisy design
- Some styles I like: Tudor, Mid-Century Modern, Gothic, Craftsman, Pacfic Lodge
- Understated or modest from the exterior &mdash; I don't want it to be showy

## Examples of homes I like

- [Maple Leaf Mid-Century Modern w/ neo-Northwest motif][maple-leaf-house]
- [Sunset Hill Tudor][sunset-hill-tudor]
- [The Capitol Hill Brownstone][capitol-hill-brownstone], if it were less
gaudy on the inside, a fifth of the square footage, and an eighth of the cost

[maple-leaf-house]: https://www.trulia.com/homes/Washington/Seattle/sold/116077-1421-NE-106th-St-Seattle-WA-98125
[sunset-hill-tudor]: https://www.redfin.com/WA/Seattle/3521-NW-70th-St-98117/home/290559
[capitol-hill-brownstone]: https://www.redfin.com/WA/Seattle/814-E-Highland-Dr-98102/home/137164

Commit message:

revising wording on house hunting

_thought/my-dream-house.md, after:

---
layout: thought
title: "My Dream House"
subtitle: "Houselusions of grandeur"
topics: ["personal"]
name: "my-dream-house"
published_date: "2017-08-29"
category: post
---

A home is something personal, a space that can shape your habits, emotions, and
thoughts. I do not see it as overly materialistic to dream of a 

## My wishlist

- Eastern light (I wake best by natural light)
- Western light (sunsets are romantic)
- In Seattle, preferably Capitol Hill, Queen Anne, Montlake
- Ceiling-to-floor windows, and plenty of them
- Grand views of mountains and water
- High ceilings
- Open floor plan, without needless walls or partitioning elements
- A modest and easily maintainable yard
- A spacious, open kitchen that allows for entertaining while cooking
- Relatively medium-to-small house &mdash; 3br, less than 2500ft²
- Stone exterior
- Sitting high above the road
- Nearby or adjacent to green space
- Minimalism over complicated or noisy designs
- Some styles I like: Tudor, Mid-Century Modern, Gothic, Craftsman, Pacfic Lodge
- Understated or modest from the exterior &mdash; I don't want it to be showy

## Examples of homes I like

- [Maple Leaf Mid-Century Modern w/ neo-Northwest motif][maple-leaf-house]
- [Sunset Hill Tudor][sunset-hill-tudor]

[maple-leaf-house]: https://www.trulia.com/homes/Washington/Seattle/sold/116077-1421-NE-106th-St-Seattle-WA-98125
[sunset-hill-tudor]: https://www.redfin.com/WA/Seattle/3521-NW-70th-St-98117/home/290559
